The following are Reviews for a Mobile Phone. From this list please list the main points from Good and Bad reviews and give your Star Rating based on the reviews:

  "reviews": 
    "I've been using this phone for about a week now and I feel that it's super awesome. Let's talk about the pros and cons :Pros1. The display is pretty bright and amazing. It can play HDR videos upto 1440p in YouTube and you can set your device to brighten up while playing HDR videos in the setting.2. The UI is very smooth. It has a lot of features too!3. The cameras are awesome! They click such amazing photos and shoot amazing videos. It clicks natural photos. There are modes like timelapse,slow-mo,etc too. It has OIS, which only records at 1080p 60fps. There is a mode in the video section named 'ultra steady' by which you can use OIS.4. The performance of the phone is amazing and is well optimised!5. The built is quality is nice too!6. The charging is fabulous! It has a 100 watt charger in the box which can full charge your phone in 25 minutes when smart rapid charging is on. The battery backup is just amazing. This phone gives a whopping 1.5-2 days of battery backup.7. There is a feature that you might not know, you can adjust the intensity of brightness of the torch by pressing and holding the torch symbol, just like iphones.8. The speakers are loud AF! After updating there is this mode where you could ultra boost volume upto 300% which is crazy! And it's very-very loud.Cons1. It can't play 2160p in HDR.2. It doesn't support OIS on 4k 30fps and the OIS video has very slight unnoticeable jitterness.3. The animation is kinda slow but smooth for me, so I changed it in developer options.4. The frame and back is made up of plastic.The phone is pretty awesome and the cons don't bother me 😄.I'm a tech enthusiast so you can trust on me!\nRead more",
    "After using this phone for a month, I can say it's a great choice, especially for the price. The first thing I noticed was the weight—it feels surprisingly light despite housing a large 5500 mAh battery, which is impressive for long-lasting power without adding bulk. The phone is slim, comfortable to hold, and fits well in the hand, making it ideal for daily use.The camera quality is good for standard photos but has limitations. While it handles basic shots decently, the wide-angle video quality falls short, and there’s no 60 fps option in 4K, which could be a drawback for those who love detailed video work. Additionally, I noticed the camera app tends to lag or even get stuck after taking multiple portrait-mode shots, which disrupts the experience a bit.Overall, it's a solid budget option with good design, reasonable performance, and decent battery life, though the camera could use a few software improvements for smoother functionality.\nRead more",
    "Received today, 8/128 GB variant at a discounted price in diwali sale. First impression : Wow, What a display, although it's not a 1.5 k display but the quality of this amoled fhd display is just awesome, camera quality of both front & back are also very impressive, low light photography is also quite remarkable, charging is superfast, battery drainage is negligible, my initial opinion is that it's a balanced phone. 1 pros is that you can enhance the ROM by using Memory Card as I'm using a 128 GB Samsung Evo microsd card & a heartbreaking thing personally for me is the absence of 3.5 mm headphone jack. I will post another detailed review after using it 1 month or so.\nRead more",
    "Iam sharing this experience of one plus Nord ce4 5g after 10 days of use. It is really a great phone with good features.It is running smoothly as of now and no lag and no issues.Pros:Display and cameraCharging very rapidlyNice sound qualityCons:No alert slider Is the only issue i haveBest phone in this segment to buy\nRead more",
    "Bought on launch date and I'm happy to have it without any regret. And reviewing after 6 months.Pros -1. Camera - Night Mode photography on top notch, Colours are natural, and normal photos have also High quality.2. Battary - Long lasting for pro user too, and superfast charging. 100% in 20 min.3. Built Quality - superb. It has got wet a time and dropped badly 2 times but still flawless.4. Features - full On (I think boys may utilise the mobile in best way)Normal Cons -1. Camera - a. Night mode is the best but low light normal photos are not as good for High expectations. b. Vivo/oppo users stay away, as it shows the details(spot, dark circles) of the face clearly.2. Battary health - It down to 99%.3. Gaming - sometime It's lag in BGMI at perfect battle time.Overall - Go for it if you are searching a perfect balanced phone.\nRead more",
    "I'm using this product from June and I loved it because of its working properly and I loved the fast charging method also battery backup & camera quality & voice quality are just fabulous.. smoothness is the key and user friendly also ... connectivity is very good.. picture quality is the best.\nRead more",
    "Phone badhiya hai guru!•Performance is also impressive you can play COD at 90 fps and BGMI at HDR/Extreme.•Battery is monster can last upto 1.5 days and ideal battery drainage management is so good average SOT 7.5 hrs plus•This phone is charging champ in this price•Camera is outstanding photo quality and bookeh looks like OPPO reno series.•UI is super smooth but animation is missing but this phone has not full fledged proper Oxygen OS unlike OnePlus 12R.•Haptics improve overall user experience•Display is decent no Hi-Fi extra things\nRead more",
    "Pros - good battery backup,superfast charger available right inside the packaging, ok for gaming in this budget,super sound,user friendly UICons - OS is not optimized,hangs a bit sometimes\nRead more",
    "Good\nRead more",
    "I bought this Phone in UAE … Phone looks decent …. But the  Box says Sale in India and Warrenty in India\nRead more",
    "I am always purchase via Amazon saThat is really great 👍\nRead more",
    "الجهاز وصلني بحاله سيئة و مستخدم ليس جديد، يتم الأن ارجاع الجهاز. متجر فاشل\nRead more",
    "I've been using this phone for about a week now and I feel that it's super awesome. Let's talk about the pros and cons :Pros1. The display is pretty bright and amazing. It can play HDR videos upto 1440p in YouTube and you can set your device to brighten up while playing HDR videos in the setting.2. The UI is very smooth. It has a lot of features too!3. The cameras are awesome! They click such amazing photos and shoot amazing videos. It clicks natural photos. There are modes like timelapse,slow-mo,etc too. It has OIS, which only records at 1080p 60fps. There is a mode in the video section named 'ultra steady' by which you can use OIS.4. The performance of the phone is amazing and is well optimised!5. The built is quality is nice too!6. The charging is fabulous! It has a 100 watt charger in the box which can full charge your phone in 25 minutes when smart rapid charging is on. The battery backup is just amazing. This phone gives a whopping 1.5-2 days of battery backup.7. There is a feature that you might not know, you can adjust the intensity of brightness of the torch by pressing and holding the torch symbol, just like iphones.8. The speakers are loud AF! After updating there is this mode where you could ultra boost volume upto 300% which is crazy! And it's very-very loud.Cons1. It can't play 2160p in HDR.2. It doesn't support OIS on 4k 30fps and the OIS video has very slight unnoticeable jitterness.3. The animation is kinda slow but smooth for me, so I changed it in developer options.4. The frame and back is made up of plastic.The phone is pretty awesome and the cons don't bother me 😄.I'm a tech enthusiast so you can trust on me!",
    "After using this phone for a month, I can say it's a great choice, especially for the price. The first thing I noticed was the weight—it feels surprisingly light despite housing a large 5500 mAh battery, which is impressive for long-lasting power without adding bulk. The phone is slim, comfortable to hold, and fits well in the hand, making it ideal for daily use.The camera quality is good for standard photos but has limitations. While it handles basic shots decently, the wide-angle video quality falls short, and there’s no 60 fps option in 4K, which could be a drawback for those who love detailed video work. Additionally, I noticed the camera app tends to lag or even get stuck after taking multiple portrait-mode shots, which disrupts the experience a bit.Overall, it's a solid budget option with good design, reasonable performance, and decent battery life, though the camera could use a few software improvements for smoother functionality.",
    "Received today, 8/128 GB variant at a discounted price in diwali sale. First impression : Wow, What a display, although it's not a 1.5 k display but the quality of this amoled fhd display is just awesome, camera quality of both front & back are also very impressive, low light photography is also quite remarkable, charging is superfast, battery drainage is negligible, my initial opinion is that it's a balanced phone. 1 pros is that you can enhance the ROM by using Memory Card as I'm using a 128 GB Samsung Evo microsd card & a heartbreaking thing personally for me is the absence of 3.5 mm headphone jack. I will post another detailed review after using it 1 month or so.",
    "Iam sharing this experience of one plus Nord ce4 5g after 10 days of use. It is really a great phone with good features.It is running smoothly as of now and no lag and no issues.Pros:Display and cameraCharging very rapidlyNice sound qualityCons:No alert slider Is the only issue i haveBest phone in this segment to buy",
    "Bought on launch date and I'm happy to have it without any regret. And reviewing after 6 months.Pros -1. Camera - Night Mode photography on top notch, Colours are natural, and normal photos have also High quality.2. Battary - Long lasting for pro user too, and superfast charging. 100% in 20 min.3. Built Quality - superb. It has got wet a time and dropped badly 2 times but still flawless.4. Features - full On (I think boys may utilise the mobile in best way)Normal Cons -1. Camera - a. Night mode is the best but low light normal photos are not as good for High expectations. b. Vivo/oppo users stay away, as it shows the details(spot, dark circles) of the face clearly.2. Battary health - It down to 99%.3. Gaming - sometime It's lag in BGMI at perfect battle time.Overall - Go for it if you are searching a perfect balanced phone.",
    "I'm using this product from June and I loved it because of its working properly and I loved the fast charging method also battery backup & camera quality & voice quality are just fabulous.. smoothness is the key and user friendly also ... connectivity is very good.. picture quality is the best.",
    "Phone badhiya hai guru!•Performance is also impressive you can play COD at 90 fps and BGMI at HDR/Extreme.•Battery is monster can last upto 1.5 days and ideal battery drainage management is so good average SOT 7.5 hrs plus•This phone is charging champ in this price•Camera is outstanding photo quality and bookeh looks like OPPO reno series.•UI is super smooth but animation is missing but this phone has not full fledged proper Oxygen OS unlike OnePlus 12R.•Haptics improve overall user experience•Display is decent no Hi-Fi extra things",
    "Pros - good battery backup,superfast charger available right inside the packaging, ok for gaming in this budget,super sound,user friendly UICons - OS is not optimized,hangs a bit sometimes",
    "Loved the color and look,both front and back camera quality is also good. It charges with 25-30minutes.overall phone perform is also good for this price range.",
    "After month of use writing this review.I would say it's good product to buy.decent camera quality,100wt charger, good performance for moderate use.battery is my concern, even though it has 5500 draining faster but with average use it last for morning to night.",
    "I have bought this product on 22 July 2024. I have using this OnePlus Nord CE 4 from past 2 months. I doesn't face any green line issue even after 2 updates. Performance is Good, coming to display it gives very good experience when watching movies, and playing games etc...Speakers are very loud and clear. Camera not bad, it performs well but don't expect more about camera. And I doesn't notice any lagging issues if you want to you for your daily purpose it is perfect mobile for you but you want to play Games it is not suitable. The best thing is charging It is charged very quickly it doesn't take more than 40 min to charge 100 percent.",
    "Battery only 15% consumed for 8hrs charging 10to 100% in30 min.No dual whatsapp but dual simScanning documents are little blurNo back option feels irritating switching apps.",
    "Battery backup is awesome. Photo clarity and performance wise  also this phone is good.",
    "Product is good, but seller never provide answers to your queries.  I told to provide a completd invoice, but no one repĺied yet.",
    "Overall experience is great, Build quality, photos, charging speed. I have used it for 2 days. But I have faced a small issue i.e the camera takes time to process the photo after clicking.",
    "Camera: 9/10Performance: 9/10Look: 9/10Display: 9/10",
    "Awesome",
    "Everything is Average mobile",
    "I like it",
    "Very Nice ☺️",
    "Best in this price range",
    "Best thing about this phone is screen quality for eyes. design is good and ultra fast charging is nice feature to have. I wanted the screen size to be little small.",
    "Good and happy",
    "",
    "Very good",
    "Overall the predator is good strong battery back good screen,Only camra perfomence is good but not osome",
    "Very good in this sigment",
    "good product",
    "One plus  nord ce 4 is very  good phone under  25kBut one thing disappoint meIs that  heating  when I setup  phoneI request  to One plus  please  fix this  issue by update",
    "Superb.",
    "Good phone meeting my requirements.",
    "Best in this budget",
    "Good phone,great experience 👍👍",
    "Received in Good condition thanks Amazon",
    "All things of mobile is very good but, internet will not work after the update any version. Sim card has to remove and insert again then Internet will work.",
    "",
    "Best Phone in budget battery charging very fast 2%-100% charge in just 35 minutes Camera quality is good front camera is good",
    "One plus Nord CE 4 is good for money 💰💰",
    "I have no complaint with phone it is Quite Decent Phone but Only lacks in 2nd Camera Functionality the Ultra wide angle camera in below average not expected by OnePlusThe Selfie camera is decent but can me improved.NOW THE EXCHANGE SERVICE SCAMThe delivery service has been terrible. I ordered my phone on October 3rd, and it was supposed to arrive the next day. I even took a leave from work, but it still didn't arrive. This happened for several days, and despite 7-8 complaints, I suffered a loss of 2-3k for missing work.As for the exchange service, my phone had a minor back panel issue and a dented frame, but the delivery guy falsely claimed the display was damaged. He drastically lowered the value of my phone from ₹5150 to ₹1700, which is absurd for a phone with 6GB RAM and a decent G95 chipset. After negotiating, I agreed to pay ₹3450 to get my phone back. The delivery guy asked me to pay the remaining exchange amount on his personal number, which raised my suspicions. I suspect he took my payment and sold my phone at a higher price. I didn't raise an issue since I just wanted my phone as soon as possible because i have a urgent work in Gurgaon.",
    "Nice mobile in this range, battery improvement could be done in upcoming updates"